[WIP] Terraform Docs for TF policy (#2690)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-policy/v0.1.x (beta)/docs/partials/beta.mdx

<Note>

>   Terraform policy is currently in beta. Do not use in production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This functionality is in beta. Do not use beta features in production environments.
```
So we can reuse this partial for other beta features as tfpolicy evolves.
